wearing that USA on your chest and our
colder LeBron guys like Michael Jordan
Clyde Drexler Kevin dorami going on and
those guys played this and you get the
opportunity to play and knowing it's
only 10 guys the whole country with the
plan is there's great opportunity so I'm
still going and take it as a learning
experience we got to see you a couple
years ago playing to Borman at the les
schwab invitational kind of talked about
maybe how you developed as a player
since then were some things you added to
your game maybe oh yeah I love playing
less relevant its brief span support but
i just think i got stronger as a player
I was really skinny back in put some
weight on and just really trying to
learn the game and get my skill set
together I can take it off the dribble
take a guy in the post mid-range like
that like a fade shot hook shot me to
take a guy on the pose and stuff like
that so I mean it's a lot of stuff I can
do just always going to be in the gym
and get better so you've been to a bunch
of these showcases John
it's how is this different I mean this
looks like a pretty intense practice out
there oh yeah I mean it's way more
structured than the mcdonalds game I
mean McDonald's game is lost our game
and this is only 10 players and we're
really playing at the team out here and
really gelling together and guys know
their roles so it's just a great
opportunity for all of us coach well
said you were a guy we could expect
probably big things from on Saturday
night who are some players in this group
who kind of impressed you so far Charlie
I mean Archie's of press we sort of all
Kyle Anderson this really smuggler ball
Tony Parker has done a really good job
Mitch playing hard dive on the floor I
mean there's a lot of guys is doing a
really good job or she shooting jumps
out so I think we're really gonna do a
great job Saturday and as long as
everybody knows enroll we're going to
the great job you talked about you play
kind of the 23 when you get to the next
level do you have a preferred position
oh yeah I don't wanna play two lights
next level only because I think in the
NBA guys that are 66 and around my
Haider are two guards so I'm really
working on my ball skills to be
I'm speaking of which the next level can
we talk a little bit about your
recruitment I know you're undecided but
you have some finalists or a list of
schools that are recruiting you yeah I
mean it's down to three now Giselle they
do Kentucky so I'm gonna make my
decision in like a week or so so really
excited to get that out of the way is
there some things that you're looking
for in some of the potential schools
what's the biggest going to be the
biggest factor in government I think the
biggest fact there is a high cost of
iron with a coach and a style of play I
think those two are the biggest factors
for not just me but anybody and you
gotta feel comfort with a coach and the
style of play and I think those two
things that I'm interested obviously
everyone is sort of
wandering the last couple months where
spas we go where spots gonna go are any
of these guys out here trying to help
steer you too soon oh absolutely i mean
Kyle UCLA where she we do can aren't you
with Kentucky so I mean they're doing a
great job there everybody is it now here
having fun and that didn't day I'm risca
all come together as a team go from
there